# First Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 29.11.2022, 14:45-15:15  
**Meeting Purpose:**  Review and Planning  
**Meeting Location:** DW PC-Hall 1, Cubicle 7  
**Note Taker:** Alexandru Ojica  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Alexandru-Gabriel Cojocaru
- Efe Unluyurt
- Bogdan-Andrei Bancuta
- Alexandru-Nicolae Ojica
- Joyce Sung
- Khalit Gulamov

<!---## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda Item 1 | • <br>• <br>• <br>• <br>•-->

## Questions for the TA
| Question | Answer |
| ---- | ---- |
| Can you kick people out of activities? | It's a design choice, we can send a notification when kicking people out of an activity. |
| Does the owner of an activity have to participate in it? | Not necessarely, it's a design choice. |
| Can an activity have multiple admins/owners? | Not necessarely, it's a design choice. |
| Do we need an api gateway? | It is not necessary to have an api gateway, it's our design choice. |
| Do we need another microservice between users and activities? | No need for another micro service between users and activities |
| Should we do a code off conduct? | Not necessarely, it would be just for us. |
| Is process(agenda, notes, gitlab) a grading criteria | Most probable it is. |

## Observations from the TA
- Everything in the must haves should be implemented.
- The architecture looks okay
- Push everything on gitlab, grading is based on gitlab not brightspace
- Final architecture submitted must reflect the actual code
- Final submission must contain documentation(instalation, docs created, running instructions)
- The assignments must be named Group-[ProjectAcronym]-[GroupID]-Assignment-[AssignmentNumber].pdf and our ProjectAcronym is ROW
- The assignments must be pushed to the root of the documents folder on gitlab
- Deadline of coding is end of week 6

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Done | Refactor requirements because some must haves are shloud/could haves | Everyone | 29.11.2022 |
| Not Done | Look over the scenario again to make sure all requirements were extracted | Everyone | 02.12.2022 |
| Not Done | Explain big design decisions(number of microservices for example) in the first assignment | Everyone | 02.12.2022 |
| Done | Add "Users should be able to specify the organisation they are part of" to requirements | Everyone | 02.12.2022 |
| Done | Do bounded context diagram | Everyone | 02.12.2022 |
| Not Done | Add context map to assignment | Everyone | 02.12.2022 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A